boxing is a business of entertainment
let's so you got a photo show and the
people they want this show yeah they
need it you can become a legend I like
the sound of that
and then once they say there's a fighter
that's not the boss like you will call
him a champ
now the champions about to go into the
ring with this kid like this baby I'll
go kid you about to fight
now the champ wins who cares because
he's already a women but if the kid wins
ah
the kid wins you see now we got talking
and what are people talking about a
rematch between the champ and the kid
then of course the champ wins the next
fight but now there's more of us you see
now that the kid wants is rematch and
boom three fights 75 million dollars
pay-per-view merchandising in total as
women anything else just in a
conversation then if what if this this
champ wants to stay undefeated what kind
of talk is that to have around I'm here
telling you all this is a favorite you
know that right you know for me a couple
judges and you be the mercy vote you can
have to go the distance
are you threatening me come on that
might threaten you I know a long time
and you'll just get all proud not the
kid out hey and then what I
don't know you tell me
we all lose on the biggest payday of our
lives
just let me ask you is that I ever
walked into layman you didn't know how I
was gonna walk out